experience reliability and a commitment
to customer service have earned columbus
mckinnon corporation the reputation of
being the world leader entire processing
equipment introducing the CM chip
shredder one of the most versatile and
affordable tire shredders in the
marketplace today the CM chip shredder
capable of processing steel belted
passenger car and light truck and heavy
truck tire shreds it utilizes the same
cutting technology as other columbus
mckinnon tire shredders and its patented
knife design creates an extremely
efficient cutting action the CM chip
shredder can be used as a secondary
shredder to process rough shred material
into clean cut tire derived fuel or
chips for use in civil engineering
applications and extremely impressive
throughput rates operational benefits
include low maintenance high production
a simplistic design through hardened
resharpen able knives patented knife
design which provides a precise cut of
rubber and steel its versatility allows
it to easily integrate with competitor
systems when combined with a primary
shredder throughput rates can reach as
high as 15 to 20 tons per hour the CM
chip shredder is versatile enough to be
utilized with other CM equipment or with
competitor equipment to provide entrance
into higher value-added markets the CM
chip shredder can also be used to
process whole passenger and light truck
tires for disposal or with the addition
of an external screen processed into
specifically sized chips for use as tire
derived fuel tired arrived aggregate
used in civil engineering applications
or as a feedstock for ground rubber
production knives on the chip shredder
are easily accessed and are manufactured
from high quality hardened tool steel
that provide the longest wearing
characteristics in the industry the unit
can be equipped with our multi stack
knife system that allows for multiple
sharpenings and the machine
which dramatically reduces overall
operating costs a variety of knife
arrangements are also available from CM
as well the CM chip shredder nothing
beats it for servicing value-added
markets whether your need is tired
derived fuel tired arrived aggregate for
civil engineering applications or
feedstock material for ground rubber
production the CM chip shredder produces
low-cost clean cut material for a
variety of markets screen the product
further and the CM chip shredder can
produce quality material that can be
used in landscape mulch or other ground
rubber markets and a magnetic separator
and generate an additional revenue
stream by capturing clean tire wire for
sale into recycled steel markets
consider all of the chip shredders
features and you have one of the most
productive cost-effective and versatile
shredders in the industry
you